air.are       cyberd1.are   haon.are	  melynda.are	     recipes.bak_olc
alagastr.are  daisy2.are    help.are	  midennir.are	     redferne.are
alagastr.bak  daisy.are     hitower.are   midgaard.are	     rhood.are
alu2area.are  daycare.are   hitower.bak   midgaard.bak	     rhood.bak
alu2area.bak  demise2.are   honor2.are	  midgaard.corrupt   rom.are
alucard.are   demise.are    honor2.bak	  mirror.are	     satin.are
anarchy2.are  demise.bak    honor.are	  mobfact.are	     school.are
arachnos.are  doofie2.are   hood.are	  moria.are	     scint2.old
arrakis.are   doofie2.bak   ice-help.are  newbb.are	     scint.are
astral.are    doofie.are    imc-help.are  newthalos.are      sewer.are
avarice.are   draconia.are  immort.are	  newthalos.bak      shire.are
aztec.are     dream.are     immort.bak	  newthalos.corrupt  slod1.are
balance.are   drow.are	    JMHouse.are   nirvana.are	     slod3.are
banshee.are   dwarven.are   johnwa.are	  nobody.are	     smurf.are
bdemise.are   dylan.are     khicaves.are  nova.are	     social.are
bhonor.are    earend1.are   khira2.are	  ofcol2.are	     soggy.are
bldtown2.are  eastern.are   legionc.are   ofcol.are	     sov2.are
blerg.are     ecl.are	    limbo1.are	  olympus.are	     sri.are
bloodmoo.are  elenar.are    limbo1.bak	  pkillarn.are	     tallt.are
bluet.are     elenar.bak    limbo1.old	  plains.are	     thalos.are
bposse.are    elfprint.are  limp.are	  poquah.are	     themes.are
buldtown.are  firestrm.are  lostcat.are   posse2.are	     tohell.are
bunion.are    forbid.are    luria3.are	  posse2.bak	     tohell.bak
bunion.bak    forbid.bak    lycan.are	  posse.are	     trollden.are
bwarlock.are  galaxy.are    macleod.are   proto.are	     valder1.are
bzealot.are   gnome.are     magiclan.are  prowler1.are	     valley.are
cace.are      grave.are     magiclan.bak  pyramid.are	     warlock.are
canyon.are    group.are     mahntor.are   quifael.are	     warlock.bak
catacomb.are  grove.are     mandrake.are  rage10.are	     whore.are
chapel.are    guerr1.are    marsh.are	  rage11.are	     windr.are
circle2.are   guido.are     matook.are	  rebby.are	     wyvern.are
cstat.are     gypcam.are    matook.bak	  recipes.are	     wyvriver.are
cwarsbb.are   handel.are    mega1.are	  recipes.bak	     yukon.are
